README.md, before:

# *I Like Trains!*

## Table of Contents
1. [What is it?](#what-is-it)
2. [A User's Perspective](#a-users-perspective)
3. [Beyond Just a Game](#beyond-just-a-game)
4. [How is It Made?](#how-is-it-made)
5. [The Design](#the-design)
6. [Future Work](#future-work)

## What is it?

*I Like Trains!*, hereafter refered to as ILT, is a puzzle based game for mobile devices. 
The game places the user as an new employee whose job is to make trains traveling on tracks safe.  
The user is provided in each level a track and some number of trains; they then must use locks, signals, and other
tools provided to create a scenario that will allow all trains to move around their track without collisions.

## Beyond Just a Game

While my hope is that *I Like Trains* (ILT) becomes an addicting game that others will enjoy and play much to the scope they
play similar games, ILT was concieved as a more useful tool. It has become an increasingly popular view that we should make
games which are a teaching platform for something.  There are games for children which introduce them and teach them about
topics in art, mathematics, science, and much more.  ILT attempts to follow in that vein and be a tool to teach users about
parallel computing.  In particular the aim is educating users about hazards oft presented when something goes wrong, such as 
deadlock and race conditions. These insidious bugs are often difficult to understand because of the difficulty for people two
follow two things happening at once. To combat this ILT aims show users a visual representation of these effects by analogizing 
computer processes to a trains running on interconnected railways. The game presents users with different track layouts, number 
of trains which are intended as representations of program code and execution respectively.  The user is also provided tools 
such as mutex locks and condition variables to solve the puzzle. It is the goal of ILT to provide a tool which helps educate 
a user in the perils as solutions to common parallel computing problems.

## A User's Perspective



## How is it made?

## The Design

## Future Work

Commit message:

Added the beginning of User Perspective

README.md, after:

# *I Like Trains!*

**NOTE**
*I Like Trains* is still a work in progress and the description reflects the intent for the finished product.  For a 
better understanding of the current status of the project read the [How Is It Made?](#how-is-it-made) and 
[The Design](#the-design) sections.

## Table of Contents
1. [What is it?](#what-is-it)
2. [A User's Perspective](#a-users-perspective)
3. [Beyond Just a Game](#beyond-just-a-game)
4. [How is It Made?](#how-is-it-made)
5. [The Design](#the-design)
6. [Future Work](#future-work)

## What is it?

*I Like Trains!* is a puzzle based game for mobile devices. 
The game places the user as an new employee whose job is to make trains traveling on tracks safe.  
The user is provided in each level a track and some number of trains; they then must use locks, signals, and other
tools provided to create a scenario that will allow all trains to move around their track without collisions.

## Beyond Just a Game

While my hope is that *I Like Trains* (ILT) becomes an addicting game that others will enjoy and play much to the scope they
play similar games, ILT was concieved as a more useful tool. It has become an increasingly popular view that we should make
games which are a teaching platform for something.  There are games for children which introduce them and teach them about
topics in art, mathematics, science, and much more.  ILT attempts to follow in that vein and be a tool to teach users about
parallel computing.  In particular the aim is educating users about hazards oft presented when something goes wrong, such as 
deadlock and race conditions. These insidious bugs are often difficult to understand because of the difficulty for people two
follow two things happening at once. To combat this ILT aims show users a visual representation of these effects by analogizing 
computer processes to a trains running on interconnected railways. The game presents users with different track layouts, number 
of trains which are intended as representations of program code and execution respectively.  The user is also provided tools 
such as mutex locks and condition variables to solve the puzzle. It is the goal of ILT to provide a tool which helps educate 
a user in the perils as solutions to common parallel computing problems.

## A User's Perspective

A run through of a sample set of screens for *I Like Trains!* is provided below.

1. The session begins with the user opening the application and viewing a welcome screen.
  [The welcome screen displays the title *I Like Trains!* with a play button below.](images/welcomeScreen.png)
2. 

## How is it made?

## The Design

## Future Work
